[Music]
here are some answers to things
I'll bet have been keeping you up at
night why does your dog do this 10
behaviors explained dogs are friendly
straightforward and open and they don't
have that air of mystery that cats do
but dogs have their fair share of
baffling behaviors it's often hard for
humans to understand canine social cues
and body language have you ever wondered
why your beloved pet wants to chase its
tail pump legs and sniff other dogs
butts you're not alone this video will
give you some insights into the life of
your dog counting down from number 10
why does my dog sniff other dogs butts
well dogs are obviously completely
different from people well people
perceive the world mostly through their
eyes smell is a dog's dominant sense
think about this you only see your dog
sniffing another dog's body but in fact
your pet is collecting detailed
information about their new
acquaintances dogs have anal glands that
can give away much personal information
their gender and reproductive status how
healthy they are and even what they had
for breakfast
the smell these glands emit is unique to
each dog just like a human fingerprint a
dogs sense of smell is 10,000 times
better than a human's so imagine how
much information they can get from
another dog's rear end in the world of
dogs sniffing bottoms is a socially
accepted and approved way of saying
hello the same action also answers a
number of other questions where are you
from are you going to be my friend who's
that dude holding your leash well maybe
not that one
number nine why does my dog walk in
circles before lying down have you ever
had an unstoppable desire to tell your
dog that it doesn't matter how many
times they walk in a circle before they
finally lie down because their bed won't
become more comfortable well your dog
isn't to blame for such behavior this
habit resides in their genes scientists
believe that this little ritual is left
over from when creatures that were half
wolf and half dog lived in the
wilderness before falling asleep they
nestled by walking around to pat down
grass leaves and small branches and
other debris to make a nice sleeping
spot however if your dog circling seems
prolonged or excessive you should
consult a vet although rare this may be
a symptom of obsessive-compulsive
disorder however if the dog keeps
circling to the left he may just be a
fan of NASCAR racing number eight
why does my dog hump legs objects and
other dogs
[Music]
well this scenario is familiar to a lot
of dog owners your dog whether it's a
boy or a girl
mounts another dog during a walk in the
park
pumps their favorite stuffed toy or even
tries to hump your leg huh my dog Riley
still does that and he's nine years old
well vets say that humping or mounting
is a typical sexual position for dogs if
a dog is not neutered or spayed and
younger than one year old this is
exactly what the dog is seeking some
form of coupling however when a dog is
fixed and mature this behavior can
signal a desire to show dominance a dog
may also be overexcited or simply
seeking your attention pumping is also a
perfectly acceptable play gesture in the
canine world nobody has told dogs that
such games are unacceptable so if you
feel embarrassed by your dog's behavior
and want to prevent it try to redirect
your pets attention with a toy or a
treat as soon as they start humping some
number seven
why does my dog drag their butt on the
floor many dog owners will recognize the
terrifying feeling when their dog moves
across the living room dragging their
butt on the floor and they can't do
anything to stop this trail what's
happening to my dog they ask themselves
is it even normal well as normal as
anything your dog does however
everything depends on the context one
possible explanation is that your dog is
just defecated and this seems the best
way for them to clean their rear-end
other reasons might not be so innocent
seriously cleaning their butt on the
carpet is innocent well your pet may be
suffering from health problems such as a
tapeworm or problems with their anal
glands in the latter case these glands
get impacted and have to be emptied a
fluid number six
why does my dog chase its tail okay
let's be honest here wouldn't you run
after your tail if you had one it looks
like so much fun
in addition this is how your dog gets
rid of excess energy dogs are playful by
nature and often entertain themselves by
chasing their tail being smart and
social dogs may notice that when they
are running after their tail their
master pays more attention that's why
they might start to do this more often
however other reasons for tail chasing
may not be so cheerful if a dog is
injured
perhaps after getting their tail slammed
in the door they will try to reach their
tail to ease the pain a dog may suffer
from parasite bites or have a skin
irritation also dogs that run after
their tails can have a psychological
issue or anxiety in extreme cases
excessive tail chasing can be a symptom
of obsessive-compulsive disorder
number five why does my dog [ __ ] its
head while looking at me when you
whistle make funny little noises or
speak in a high-pitched voice your dog
demonstrates one of the cutest behaviors
ever they tilt their head there is no
solid proof of why dogs do this but
behaviors believe that dogs may just be
trying to make sense of what they hear
or they might find hope to distinguish
key words that will lead to fun fetch or
walk or maybe your pet is simply trying
to determine where the sound is coming
from but if the dog keeps their head to
the side all the time they most likely
have a health problem number four why
does my dog eat grass many people wonder
what has gone wrong when they see their
beloved dog munching on fresh green
grass like a cow this may seem worrying
is my pet sick Lord starving suddenly a
vegetarian in fact there are several
reasons why a dog can eat something that
isn't suited to their diet first of all
this may be a sign of boredom especially
when a dog is still quite young secondly
eating grass may improve your dog's
digestion and treat intestinal worms you
don't know about that but your pet does
perhaps your dog feels the need for
fiber or they may simply like the taste
of fresh grass really why not number
three what is my dog twitch a leg when
scratched if you're a dog owner you're
probably an expert in scratching petting
and stroking have you ever noticed how
your dog's back leg starts to kick when
you pet one particular spot this kicking
movement is involuntary it's caused by
the nerves that are connected to the dog
spinal cord these nerves send a message
to your pets leg muscles to jerk to get
rid of an irritant your dog's body is
simply mistaking you for an itch that
needs a scratch
or maybe a flee number to wine is my dog
howl lots of people know how scary a
lovely day can turn when a dog starts to
howl Wolf's make a low-pitched loud
sound to send messages to pack members
or to enforce their rank but why do
domesticated canines feel the need to do
this behaviorist believe that while
howling may be passed on to modern dogs
from their wild ancestors this activity
is also most likely simply rewarding and
necessary for dogs well I can get my dog
to start howling by playing my trumpet
in this case I think he's just being
critical whatever man
number one why does my dog stare at me
if your pets eyes never leave you the
chances are high that they are just
waiting for you to give them a treat or
show them your affection after all who
can resist those puppy dog eyes but
sometimes staring can be a sign of
aggression that's why before staring
back you should make sure that the dog
isn't scared or feeling threatened so
what unusual things does your dog do
tell us in the comments below
we had a border collie once named Molly
who would wait until were packing up the
car to go on a trip and then she would
take a poop and then roll around on her
back on it before it was her turn to get
in the car wow what a great dog huh
can't wait to hear your story remember
to press the like button and subscribe
to our Channel this way you'll stay with
us on the bright side of life
you